1. i created a local webtransport client and server to verify that my client worked correctly
    this worked as expected when i made a request

2. i sent a request from the client to the gateway. the gateway didn't even log this request. this was unlike when i would send UDP via UDPRoute and it would break
    similarly, when i tried to send HTTP/3, with a UDP backendRef, it did log that request (and its subsequent failure)

3. I edited the HTTPRoute to explicitly allow Extended CONNECT requests, but I got the same result as before 

4. I tried to insert this into hte bootstrap config for envoy;
"
http3_protocol_options:
  allow_extended_connect: true   # Allows the special WebTransport CONNECT method
upgrade_configs:
  - upgrade_type: webtransport    # Permits the protocol upgrade
"
I linked the envoy proxy configuration to the gateway class

"
metadata:
  annotations:
    gateway.envoyproxy.io/extension-types: envoyproxy
    gateway.envoyproxy.io/extension-ref-name: webtransport-config # Matches your EnvoyProxy name
"

after verifying these three steps had worked as intended, I faced the same issues as before. I determined that any further work required to get WT working would be
a) very coupled to envoy and perhaps not generalisable across other gateway api implementations
b) time consuming
c) somewhat out of scope
d) not even that useful, as i want to focus on comparing HTTP/2 vs HTTP/3


I tried to resolve this by using webtranscat, as it was possible that my custom client was implemented incorrectly

i kept on getting "error 40" when i queried with the webtrancat client. i didn't know what that was.
i looked on the envoy gateway website, and saw that there was no documentation for how to test a webtransport client. 
After research, I realised that I would need custom annotations for this, and lots of manual configuration. I decided that this was out of scope,
as it is a highly manual process and perhaps tightly coupled to envoy gateway.
Since there is no documentation on the envoy gateway site, I don't want to lose this much time to something that mightn't necessarily work and I'm already running tight enough on time

It's out of scope with my remaining time, so maybe that's an area to pursue in the future.




Therefore, I decided to not pursue web transport any further



